[Music]
provincial too, which is very
funny because, as you know, he filed
a ton of complaints against me and then
tried to reopen them a million times.
Ah, I mean, this is my are, my in the end
she will be the only one who ends up
criminally convicted.  Applause.  And for this, she
also tried to introduce a
friend of hers who is also completely
obsessed with me.  It's crazy.  In
another separate complaint that he tried to open,
another one that I don't think I ever
told you in depth about this complaint, there
's that part of the complaint where he was
demanding €200,000 from me and I don't
know what else and that they close my channel and I don't
know how many other crazy things.  It turns out that she introduced
a friend of hers to try to pretend
that I had sent her the
conversations between Maria and her mother in which they
were giving me a hard
time.  Do you remember?  Ah, I think
this is what my lawyer gave me in
my trials with her.  Uh, I mean,
this is basically that they
filed the gender violence case
, that Ricky starts
bringing up the gender violence thing with Dallas a lot
because of the
computer thing, you know, right?  We've
talked about it in all the debates with Ricky,
but they shelved it.  I mean, Miare
already reported Dallas for that and it was
shelved.  Look, there may also
clearly be spurious motives on the part of
those involved in this matter.  So,
things are going on with my friend, who
, if I'm not mistaken, is, well, I'm
not going to say it, I'm not going to be like,
Dallas isn't going to say it, right?  But come on, he's
also a person who is known in the
environment for having a
civil dispute with Daniel, because he's the person
that Dallas sued civilly, okay?
Uh, it tarnishes the credibility of his
testimony and participation in this
criminal case, right?  I mean, she's an
enemy of Dallas who showed up at
this, let's say, she would contact
these people when she fought with Dallas and then
these people put her in as, I think she
wasn't exactly a witness, but rather as if they
had some
conversations about her or something like that.
Regarding the complainant, that is,
María, there may also be
spurious motives given that the
complaints of gender-based violence
filed against Daniel were dismissed, okay?  That
is, they don't believe, they don't believe
Maria.  The last filing in this court
was made by order tatat tatat.  In
short, María maintains that she had
conversations with her mother via WhatsApp
on the 5th, 6th, 7th and 11th. Okay, I think I
said this in one of the debates with
Ricky because he says, "No, it's not like
Dallas downloaded months of
conversations and it's like, no, look,
this is not a testimony from
her, right? This is not a testimony from
Dallas. Look, look."  In short,
Maria maintains that she had
conversations with her mother via WhatsApp
on the 5th, 6th, 7th, and 11th. In other words, this is what
Maria maintains.  This is supported by Maria.
She stated, she stated that there
were four conversations on the computer,
okay?  Or 4 days, a
4-day conversation.  So maybe you and your
dad exchange WhatsApp messages or
whatever, and maybe one day you send him
three sentences, and at 10 you send him three, and
so on.  Okay, so
I think they'll deny this conversation, right?  I mean, I don't know if they
deny it, right?  or what, but it seems to me that
they then deny this conversation,
which is whatever, on the one hand you are
reporting the conversation and on the other
hand you are denying it.  Something like that was it.  Hey, do
n't pay too much attention to me because I would have to
check where he denied it, but it seems to me
that he denied it somewhere.  Uh, I don't know
if it was the TWI or the friends, I don't
know, I'd have to
look for it, okay?  But that's not the
important thing.  Um, and according to, I mean, they were
conversations that it had been 5
years when they reported her, okay?  And
according to his version, the accused took
possession of them and used them or
distributed them to third parties, specifically to
this girl in a
WhatsApp conversation.  The complainant herself
explains that the suspect, when
testifying in court on this date,
stated that he stumbled upon the
conversation between her and her mother when he
opened his own laptop,
because María Rubio had left
the WhatsApp web session open, and that when
he realized it was a
private personal conversation, he stopped reading it.
Okay, the complainant herself explains.
Okay.  And then what else?  No, about the plot they
made against me behind my back, where
while we were a couple he took advantage
of me, he took advantage of the money I
gave him, the trips I gave him, and
then behind my back he stabbed me
.  That's right.  Well, apparently she grabbed
a friend of hers who's obsessed
with me to, Okay, we all know that
story about the conversations, right?
I want to see more papers.
We've already read this, they are the same two.  Well,
I order that the criminal case not be opened
.  Basically this is that they
file it, well, they file it.  And they
archive it because they archive it because
they find no evidence of a crime and also there
was the option to appeal and he did not appeal.
There was an option to appeal and he did not appeal.  It's that
this issue, I would say it's this
same one, but since there are several resources,
several things that these people have had and
many moves, I would say that this same
order of dismissal is used by my
lawyer in my case with her,
uh, on the issue of the right to honor.
Because?  Well, because she's here in the
same case in the same file, this one
says this, okay?  He says, "It has been proven
that the intimacy of Daniel and María has
been publicly exposed with the
consent of both and obtaining
financial gain on social networks
since they are professional YouTubers.
By the way, this girl also has the
same consideration, okay? I mean, what she
's basically telling you here is that
freedom of expression,
of course, because she
basically in my lawsuit that
sold herself as a striz who doesn't talk about her
intimate, private life, so that you
understand me, when it comes to you claiming
for the right to honor, okay? Filing a
lawsuit for the right to honor, because
someone is talking about your life,
who you sleep with, I don't know what, I don't know
how much. It's not the same if you are Belén
Esteban or Antonio David, as if you are...
Who am I telling you? Matías Prat or Ramón
García. Okay, Matías Pras, Ramón García
are presenters, they are very famous, but they do
not have the same consideration as
some characters who sit down and sell
their intimate life, okay?  I mean, if you
sit down and sell your private life, well, your
private life has greater
exposure and permission to criticize,
right?  And to the comments, the
opinions, whether you like them or not.  to make a
profit from your privacy and more
specifically from your privacy with me.
So nothing, I hope you like it.
Well, not only with Dala, I mean, I
think Miare, it sounds familiar to me, for
example, in this one where we also,
for example, delivered an interview
that she did, ah, well, that was about Dallas
too, but she had a video, she
had a video that I delivered in one
of the trials and it's not that I don't know if it was
in this second one or in the first one, that the
video was called My First Time, let me
explain, my first time and she told
in great detail about her first
times, you know?  Because he's monetized
everything, you know?  would like this.  But I also have
one more thing to tell you, and
this is about my dog, which
is an extra update.  As you know,
we're in the civil enforcement phase
of the lawsuit I won in 2017. Yes, that's
the stage we're at.
The 5 working days have already passed and he no longer wanted to
voluntarily hand over my dog,
so he has to execute them.
Well, obviously he's filed an
appeal, an appeal that doesn't stop the
execution, but pay attention because this
appeal reminded me of something very
funny and I'll show you this in another
video because I have to search through a
lot of appeal pages, but
anyway, take my word for it and you'll see
this soon.  Yes, you know that Maria has been
falsely accusing me of being a
dog abuser for years, which I am not, not only because
the conversations are false, but
also because I have
constantly publicly demonstrated the falsity
of this stupidity.  But here comes another
extra point that I didn't remember and
they reminded me of it with this resource:
it turns out that when they pretended to
lose my dog, what they offered me
to compensate was so that I would accept
that he was lost and then never have to
return him to me.  And what they proposed
was either give me what my dog ​​cost or, and
here's the funniest part, give me
another dog literally.  And this is where you
start to think for a moment, how?   As
?  As?  Wait, this
caught me off guard.  I swear I
didn't know that, huh?  Look, I
more or less know these people's things
.  Eh, in case Your Honor does
not consider this
request appropriate, we request that all
the positions on this side request that
the
enforcement procedure through
physical delivery of the dog identified as something
by the opposing party be considered definitively closed, having been
dismissed in the civil court and having
procedurally precluded the right of the
executor to demand it.  I think this
is basically what
these people are asking for, okay?  Although they have
said on other sites and on other channels
that they have said no, that they have won
the trial and that Pablo
has basically handed in a false judgment to
reclaim the dog.  They are not saying
something like that that Paul that Paul has
delivered a false sentence.  That's something like
what they're saying, okay?
M but what they are claiming is
that Dallas no longer has the right because it has
precluded, because I don't know what, I don't know
how much.  Okay, so they say
no, that is, what they are saying is that they should be
asked to hand over something
similar or the perception of the
animal's economic value.  What the [ __ ].  I didn't
know that, man.  I mean, I didn't know this.
I mean, I knew more or less that they
were claiming their moves, right?   I'm
not going to deny that.  But I didn't know
this.  So, basically, what they
're arguing is that they didn't hand over the dog
in the 2017 civil case that he disobeyed,
right?  What they're claiming is that
Dallas didn't request it correctly at the time
or missed the deadline, I don't
know, something like that. I think they're wrong
because apparently what happens is that it
's suspended until there's a
penalty, I think that's it, right?  Because there was already
the penalty that Dallas was
reporting him because he already caught them with the
dog on the street, right?  And so now what
they're saying is that Dallas
missed the deadline or something
like that, preclusion, I don't know how to
explain it exactly, it doesn't matter.  Okay.  And what they are
asking for in the alternative, at
least that's how I understand it, I don't know if I'm
mistaken, is to hand over something
similar, that is, a dog.
or economic value.  This is a movie,
huh?  He has been saying for I don't know how many years
that I am a great abuser
and that Argos would be dead with me and I don't
know what and I don't know how many even though he
was with me his entire first half of life
.  I am so abusive and so bad.
But it turns out what you want to do is
give me a different dog.  Do you want to
make it up to me by giving me another dog?  But it's not like
I was that abusive, right?  It wasn't
that I was so bad and so evil.  And
oh, in my hand the whole
world dies and you want to give me another animal.  Be
honest with yourself and with others.   You
only want Argos in your possession because
he's a trophy, because he's the dog that
was with me from the beginning and that
you've dedicated all
these years to using him as a trophy to
take photos with YouTubers who cry badly
about me and cause harm.  Do you know that a
new dog that I wouldn't like
would be a new dog that I would
n't know at all?  It wouldn't be something that would
hurt me, because what would
hurt me emotionally is if you stole my
dog, the dog I was with
for the first time in his life.
Not just any other.  How strong, huh?  Well, I did
n't know that, man.  I didn't know that.
[Music]